Feud Game
=========

In this game, you are given one category with several answers that all fit in that category. The player's goal is to guess each of the answers before accumulating five strikes (incorrect guesses), which ends the game. Each answer has an individual point value associated with it, and the player gets the corresponding amount of points for each answer they guess correctly. This game was built using React, JavaScript, CSS, and HTML, and it is playable online [here](https://bensta.epizy.com/feud) with a sample dataset. I also used animations and keyframes in CSS for the strikes and sliding reveals.

You can customize the project and change the questions by first downloading the files in the `public` and `src` folders and using the command `npx create-react-app feud` (where `feud` can be replaced by the chosen name of your new project). In the `public` folder generated by the command, replace `index.html` with the one in the download. In the `src` folder generated by the command, delete all files and replace them with the files in the download. Then use the command `npm start` to run the project locally.

The `data.txt` file contains a sample set of data that can be used with the game. To edit the data for your own use, put the category on the first line, followed by the the information for each answer: the answer to be printed on the screen, followed by a list of accepted answers (on the same line, separated by commas), and the number of points the answer is worth.

If a question has more than one accepted answer, separate them by commas and put them all on the same line. If the player's input should equal the accepted answer *exactly*, then add an asterisk at the end of the accepted answer; otherwise, if the accepted answer just has to be found somewhere within the player's answer, do not put an asterisk at the end. Accepted answers are case insensitive.

For example, if the accepted answers for a question were **10\*, ten***, then **10** and **TEN** would be marked correct, but **100**, **10.0**, and **ten thousand** would all be incorrect. If an accepted answer was **Halifax**, both **halifax** and **Halifax, Nova Scotia** would be marked as correct.
